Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/bryceslade/pen/ZEyWGXv?editors=1000

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 


    2. What is HTML used for?
    To provide structure to your website to help with your layout and styling in CSS.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute can be a link or image that you want to include on your page, but do not want to show the source i.e. direct links.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    An h1 tag is used to markup an element as a header. h tags can be used many times and will be prioritized via the number associated with it. h1, h2, h3, etc..

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a & img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Container for you meta-data and link for CSS

    7. What is an id?
    An ID is a specific way to identify a single element. It is unique and can be targeted for use in CSS and Java 

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Only on element can be associated with an id, but the id can be used more than once if needed.

    10. What is a class?
    A class is used to specify an element and multiple elements can use the same class.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can use the same class on a page multiple times. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Using the 'target' attribute with _blank. target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    If the image can't be seen right away, the 'alt' attribute can display any given text.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    You can reference an id with the hashtag, ex, #thing

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is semantic, a div is not. Meaning, a section defines content, a div does not. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for styling your HTML elements.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    use ONLY h2 with curly braces.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Multiple elements can use the same class. If you had multiple sub-headers that you could catagoize for styling you  clcan do this with aass. For example, different names of food recipes. An ID can only be used by one element, for example your main header which could be "Food Recipies".

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    You can select a class with a period, ex .human

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector is useful to select all child elements direclty associated with an element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is pulls elements that are in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: xx;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: xx;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize; (or uppercase, lowercase)

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border: 1px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comments */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm. You must be careful because this deletes the repo. 

    34. Why should I use version control?
    Verison control maintains an updated version of the project.
     
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin first-last

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 